Hey, good job, you've done another module.
This is awesome.
I hope you'll keep continuing this momentum, and just continue along the course.
Now I want to talk to you about what you can do to really consolidate your knowledge and make it your
own.
One of the things that is really helpful that I've found is, since I started teaching programming, I've
had a much better grasp of a lot of the programming concepts. Because often when you're just doing things,
when you're just coding along, you know, as long as it works, it's fine, right?
But if somebody actually asked me like, “Well, how does that code actually work, or why is this code better
than this other solution that you could have done?”,
now if I actually had to explain it, that whole process helps me really (a) realize like maybe I actually
don't know,
maybe I actually have to find out and read around the topic, hunt around on Google to get a bit more
background knowledge,
(b) the other thing is if I did know, and I could verbalize it and explain it so that somebody else, another
human, actually understands, then I have to pull that knowledge out of my brain and into like a text format,
or like a verbal format, then it really really becomes solidified in my own memory, right?
So what I recommend people always to do is try to, while you're learning, come up with your own analogies,
right?
I'll often give you a lot of analogies like, you know, an object is a bit like a car, and a class is a
bit like a blueprint.
But once you understand...
But once you've understood those concepts, then you're very much
welcome to come up with your own analogies, right?
And try teaching those analogies to other students on the course. Head into the Q and A and say, “Hey, this
is something that I came up with.” And maybe, you know, like it will help somebody, because my way is often
like not the only way, right?
And maybe you'll come up with a better explanation that other students will be able to relate to best.
So I recommend teaching others and also sort of piecing the data, or the information, together in your
own head, so that you can explain it to somebody else. And more often than not, it really really helps
people learn the topics, that's especially in programming. So keep going and try explaining some of the
things that you've understood to other people, and getting other people to understand it, and I'm sure you're
going to do even better.